Abnormal Security apps doc (#4312)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2024-07-17-apps.md

---
title: Abnormal Security (Apps)
image: https://help.sumologic.com/img/sumo-square.png
keywords:
  - apps
  - app-catalog
  - abnormal-security
hide_table_of_contents: true
authors:
  - url: https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-service/rss.xml
    image_url: /img/release-notes/rss-orange.png
---

> We're excited to announce the release of the new Abnormal Security app for Sumo Logic. This app leverages Sumo Logic [Cloud-to-Cloud Tenable source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/abnormal-security-source/) to gain actionable insights and visualizations and helps you to prioritize and mitigate security incidents efficiently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're excited to announce the release of the new Abnormal Security app for Sumo Logic. This app leverages Sumo Logic [Cloud-to-Cloud Abnormal Security source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/abnormal-security-source/) to gain actionable insights and visualizations and helps you to prioritize and mitigate security incidents efficiently.
```

> We're excited to announce the release of the new Abnormal Security app for Sumo Logic. This app leverages Sumo Logic [Cloud-to-Cloud Abnormal Security source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/abnormal-security-source/) to gain actionable insights and visualizations and helps you to prioritize and mitigate security incidents efficiently.
> 
> Check out our technical documentation [here](/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/abnormal-security/) to learn how you can set up and use the Abnormal Security app for Sumo Logic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are excited to announce the release of the new Abnormal Security app for Sumo Logic. This app leverages the Sumo Logic [Cloud-to-Cloud Abnormal Security source](https://github.com/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/abnormal-security-source/) to provide actionable insights and visualizations, helping you prioritize and mitigate security incidents efficiently.

For more details on setting up and using the Abnormal Security app, refer to our [technical documentation](https://github.com/docs/integrations/saas-cloud/abnormal-security/).
```
